hello I'm in my new house what I should
be doing is writing something but
tomorrow's workshop but instead i'm
going to take advantage of my housemates
all being out and give you a house tour
and a room tour because this is my new
place which is exciting so this is my
room yeah so you know door here and this
is my room it's kind of bad which is
unlikely to change because I'm lazy I
have the front bedroom so looks directly
out onto the road and also directly onto
the pub opposite that's nice got my
older all set up it's quite nice it's
two lovely room actually it's very big
which is nice and I don't mind being on
the ground floor that's no problem of me
so front door and this is the house I
really actually love this living area
this is where I'm going to be spending
all of my time essentially in that
corner of the sofa over there because my
am my chair is too low for my desk and
because I sit at my laptop pretty much
constantly I have to speed and you know
the kind of right position otherwise I
get shoulder and back pains very easily
switch sucks okay so that's Ben's room
they've actually got a pretty neat set
up here so they're all gamers so you
like you can see on the sofa here and
play on that to the vision and sit on
this over here and play on on that
television gosh we're blurring and now a
lot aren't we show you the kitchen voila
I am the stereotypical girl in that I
came in and decided that they were all
living in a pit which they were
and I went out and bought done
cleaning supplies and I must have spent
like collectively about five hours just
straightening the place up like the
floor down here was literally black with
mold which is just not on I can't be
dealing with the kitchen that has mold
in it you know I can't do it and also
they they didn't do food recycling which
I'm a big recycler I it's it like I take
it personally when people don't recycle
so I cleaned out the food recycling
which oh my god let me tell you the
smell that came out of that thing when I
I did it in the garden like poured
boiling water into it washed it out
loads of times and the smell it was
unholy satan's asshole could not smell
worse than that bin I swear so
upstairs these are the bathrooms we have
to so this one's just like an airing
cupboard and on shower and
okay and this one's got the spoiler and
another teeny tiny shower apparently has
the tendency to block which is a little
bit of a problem bro sure we'll be fine
a stands room he's away for the weekend
Ben Z's room Holly's room and cupboards
in which I have stashed a bunch of
plates because I guess everyone brought
their own plates and stuff there's just
an overabundance like the cupboards were
overflowing with plates and cutlery and
all sorts so I've done kind of blitz on
just unnecessarily crockery you know
yeah that's the new house isn't it nice
I'd show you the garden but it's dark
let's see if we can't see the guard
naturally then if you'll be able to see
what's quite misty out tonight you
pretty won't be able to see anything but
like there's there's decking over there
and if you can see like maybe I'll be
able to do something in the editing but
they haven't taken the bins out for a
while with such stereotypes it's a shame
but I'm gonna make sure that they
maintain cleanliness now because I
refused to live in a dump oh and they're
made of balloons London slender man I
can't remember which one of them did
that but like kudos torture one of them
do and yeah so this is my new house
which I'm gonna be living in till august
i think that's when the lease runs out
so that's exciting future plans who
knows what's gonna happen right I'm not
scared I'll introduce them at some point
if you want me to introduce them so yeah
we could do that if you're up for it do
tell in the comments and that's it with
I'll see you soon